
Purpose
=======

I need a place to write my consideration, study, story. The site ppf.je.ro
is the solution up to 2006. The site is based on Zeroboard version 4. It was created
in 2003. That time I am not interesting the software development and just
want a page I can post.

Currently I use Emacs to write all of note, article. Muse-mode that is an
Emacs module is used. The page to be written by muse-mode can publish
other text formats such as html, latex, pdf, texi. I can more conveniently
write and maintain my note with Emacs and Emacs modules such as muse-mode,
planner-mode, outline-mode, fill-mode, abbrev-mode, flyspell-mode, etc.
Most powerful thing is I can freely modify and combine the modules. It is
the main problem when I used Microsoft Office.

Main problem of previous site is the spam comments. Zeroboard is famous
free webboard in Korea. I think that there is spam bot for Zeroboard
version 3. One day in 2008 I was reading the posts I written. I surprised
some page has hundreds comment. All the comments are spam. I permit the
commenting for only registered users. However, I couldn't stop spam. The
bot automatically join and continuously comments the spam. The author of
Zeroboard version 4 currently doesn't maintain Zeroboard version 4 any
more. I have to fix that. 

Another problem is to maintain the articles and the comments with Emacs. I
want to write the article with muse-mode and to maintain the comments with
gnus which is an Newsreader of Emacs. It requires some modification and
third party tools.

Where the best choice is to use/modify Django or WordPress. It provides
more stable/extensible/useful stuffs. 



Requirements
============

 - python: I am using 2.7. Not tested in other version.
 - jinja2


Using
=====

1. Config config.py. url_root, url_api, server_host, server_user_id, se




2. Correct the permission of your files. Your web server can read/write
required directories.

3. Upload the file with following command. The file permission also is
tanslated.
 - python tools/uploader.py --with-config


Using
=====





TODO
====

 - Determine secure method for api

